[Video]
I think it's called zongzi. There's two. I think it's true. And so this is called ego-klingi, or
duality. And first, in that way, in that context, ego-klingi, what is, again, is duality, and that
ego we cut.
Then in zongzi, this is called zongzi, or duality, or duality. And then there's another ego-klingi
in the teaching, said, as you know, the grasping to the object, object or the object that you cut.
So, this is both grasping and duality. So, in one way or another, we talk about duality. Grasping
to the subject, grasping to the object, both are grasping and that duality, and that has to be cut.
And so that is the way, it's not outside, but its own mind. So, now we cut that mental state, cut
that duality in the space of the mind.
And the thing, as a way to cut that, is that the most simple one, or the most government teaching,
said, don't follow that thought. Not following that thought is also one way of cutting that,
cutting thought.
The moment you not follow thought, then the teaching adds another one, look to the source of that
thought. When you do look to the source of that thought, that moment, the fabrication or the
complexity of the thought, grasping, is really instantly evaporated or free.
And you reach to the point of the natural itself, like that moment. And that is the essence of the
natural or the heart of the tattoo status. And then we just say, relax in that state.